Agree Agreed They agree often We agreed
yesterday You have agreed on terms Accept
Accepted Accepted She accepts challenges
We accepted the offer They have accepted
defeat Announce Announced Announced We
announce news
They announce changes He has announced
winners Appear Appeared Appeared He
appears confident We appeared suddenly
They have appeared on TV Arrange Arranged
Arranged You arrange meetings She
arranged flowers We have arranged events
Belong Belonged Belonged We belong here
They belong to a club You have belonged
to groups Concern Concerned Concerned
It concerns us It concerned everyone It
has concerned experts Contain Contained
Contained It contains sugar It contains
secrets It has contained valuables
Contribute Contributed Contributed Contributed
They contribute ideas We contributed
money You have contributed time Develop
Developed Developed Developed Developed
Developed We develop software They
developed a plan She has developed skills Encouraged